CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
The title of my program is Physics Equations Calculator

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
This will help simplify solving different physics problems. I am planning to 
start with kinematic equations and have the program import a csv and equation 
type to solve for.
If I still have additional time, I am hoping to have my program identify what 
variable is missing and solve for it. If I still have additional time, I 
will add in additional equations.

3. What will you learn from developing this program?
I will strengthen my knowledge of physics concepts as well as continue 
practicing reading from files. I will learn how to apply the skills I've 
learned in this course to real world problems.

4. What Python modules will your program use?

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)
My program will use csv and math.

5. List the names of functions you will need?

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

define_equation_type
calculate_displacement
calculate_velocity
calculate_acceleration
calculate_time

6. List the names of the test functions you will write.
test_define_equation_type
test_calculate_time
